Over one hundred miles of scenic river now a neon
ribbon of sludge environmental protection agency says it was excavating around an old
mine in colorado when heavy machinery toward this whole wastewater spewed into the
...river near silverton colorado working its way self towards deranged go
into new mexico...nell passing farmington tracking west toward ship brock
in the colorado river moving at less than four miles per hour
official say they are protecting drinking water from the contaminated river
...show the water around the...has traces of...arsenic and is now
...as strong coffee and river guides depended on rafting tourism dollars to
keep them afloat have been sideline during the busy summer season this afternoon the
leak was finally stopped but the questions continue the governor of new mexico
...on a martinez took aim at the epa on facebook
friday morning posting imagine what would happen if a private company cause this way
spill adding I'm disturbed by the lack of information provided by the epa?